you
alright guys so we're we're back today
and we're doing another one of these
thumbnails and this one now as you guys
might know you might recognize the skin
is for Joel or most you guys know him as
nobody epic this is for a new minecraft
series which will be which will be
coming to his channel pretty soon
actually so keep an eye on that and yeah
hopefully you guys saw you guys will get
a kick out of it I'm sure you guys can
tell what it what it's all about now
just by looking at the thumbnail so um
he was a little tiger locked up there
behind the bars so yeah it's not there's
not too much to say about this one so
for the most part I'm just going to let
wrong but I just want to again that you
guys know about the streams which are
going on done and I appreciate everyone
who's been something like that it's it's
been great and yeah we have a lot of fun
there that's on monday Wednesdays and
Fridays at 9am australian eastern
standard time which will make it for
most see you guys in the UK in the ufe
will be sunday tuesday and thursday so
yeah if you guys can stop by those then
please do you can follow me on twitter
I'll put the little overlay on the video
now so you can see my twitch name there
or if you're lazy and comfortable typing
in the URL like meeting there will be a
link below as well alright that's it for
me so I will catch you guys in this
video and other than that all right
enjoy
the wake up next to you
gosh your job
how are you
I'm so
you